bpo-42299: Remove formatter module (#23476)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

  :c:func:`PyParser_SimpleParseFileFlags` and :c:func:`PyNode_Compile`
  that were deprecated in 3.9 due to the switch to the new PEG parser.

* Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in 3.4.
  It was originally scheduled to be removed in 3.6,
  but we decided to delay such removals until after 2.7 EOL.

>   Since the 2.7 is end of the life, we decide to remove ``formatter`` module.

Reviewer: Maybe use the passive form:

```suggestion
  Since the 2.7 is end of the life, it has been decided to remove the ``formatter`` module.
```

  :c:func:`PyParser_SimpleParseFileFlags` and :c:func:`PyNode_Compile`
  that were deprecated in 3.9 due to the switch to the new PEG parser.

> * Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4 and was not tested.
```

Same remarks for the NEWS entry.

  It was originally scheduled to be removed in Python 3.6,

>   but we decided to delay such removals until after Python 2.7 EOL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but it has been decided to delay such removals until after Python 2.7 EOL.
```

> * Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4.
>   It was originally scheduled to be removed in Python 3.6,
>   but we decided to delay such removals until after Python 2.7 EOL.
>   Since Python 2.7 is the end of the life and the module did not have test codes,
>   it has been decided to remove the ``formatter`` module.
>   (Contributed by Dong-hee Na and Terry J. Reedy in :issue:`42299`.)

Reviewer 2: Putting the comments (including 1 I deleted) together and adding a bit, including what to do and removing duplication, I suggest the following entry.  I discussed 'obsolete' and remedy a bit on the issue.  We don't need to repeat that 2.7 EOL has happened.
```suggestion
* Removed the ``formatter`` module, which was deprecated in Python 3.4.
  It is somewhat obsolete, little used, and not tested.  It was originally
  scheduled to be removed in Python 3.6, but such removals were delayed until
  after Python 2.7 EOL.  Existing users should copy whatever classes they use
  into their code.  (Contributed by Dong-hee Na and Terry J. Reedy in
  :issue:`42299`.)
```
